add: actions redirect to improvement & turbo option (#74)
avo-hq/avodocs: docs/3.0/actions.md

end
```

> :::info
> If action is redirecting to an external link check the `turbo` option.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
If you're redirecting to an external link you should add the `self.turbo = false` option in order to bypass [Turbo's navigation](https://turbo.hotwired.dev/handbook/drive#disabling-turbo-drive-on-specific-links-or-forms).
:::
```

:::option `turbo`

> There are times when turbo is not desired, such as when the action leads to an external link. In such cases, turbo should be set to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are times when you don't want to perform the actions with Turbo, such as when the action leads to an external link or you might download a file. In such cases, turbo should be set to false.
```
